I saw Javad noticing you.
- I don't know him.
- So get to know him.
It tastes wonderful.
Haleh says
there's too much rose.
Any rose is too much rose.
Haleh's forgotten the taste of home.
Just leave me here
when you go back.
You take Noor. I'll stay with Javad.
He's not interested
in an old married lady like you.
If he liked you.
he would've walked you home.
Javad was just being kind.
Well. then kindly ask him out on a date
so the four of us can double!
He already asked me to lunch.
I knew it.
I said no. It's too quick!
I go from work to work.
And we can't step out while Abbas is in.
Love finds a way.
Bijan is right.
Find the moment and I'll cover for you.
Well. I did look at Abbas's schedule.
It is unclear if he is out
for some meeting tomorrow.
Yes. from one to three.
What for?
Who knows. he scheduled it himself.
Ah. but he's asking for Javad
to escort him tomorrow.
So not the time for romance. azizam.
But don't miss your chance.
One sip and I'm up all night.
- Good morning. Javad.
- Morning.
See you at the office.
I spoke to my family
last night.
What news from Isfahan?
Come to lunch with me.
and I'll tell you all Mom had to report.
You changed your mind?
I would love to.
But I have business with Abbas
over the lunch hour.
Oh. that's disappointing.
But tomorrow?
I can't tomorrow.
With Abbas's party
and General Assembly prep...
Busy time.
For us all.
But I could at least
accompany you home again.
You know.
I know the best
Persian restaurants in town.
Where are you taking Abbas?
We could meet up.
Not while I'm working.
I could work through lunch.
And we could eat later when you're back.
You would wait for me?
It's a date then.
Ah. well. well!
Home delivery. lucky me!
Good timing. I'm just leaving.
Here. It's a bit brisk out.
Very thoughtful. Noor.
I'm sorry. Miss Taheri.
Please. call me Noor.
Thank you. Noor.
Wish my Shirin had turned out like you.
But unfortunately. my daughter's willful.
Never showed Baba the respect he is due.
I was a holy terror at her age.
That photo is decades old.
Are you two still close?
Thank you for your help. Ms. Taheri.
Put the rest in the closet.
The study door will close behind you.
Of course.
Haleh. hold my calls for now.
Let me do that.
Still hungry?
- Hello.
Yes. very.
You head out. I'll follow.
Sure.
So just you. Mom. and brother?
Yes.
Baba passed a few years back.
I'm sorry.
What got him?
This a date or an interrogation?
Is there a difference?
No. sorry. A joke.
My mom insists so much.
I don't try anymore.
but I'm really bad at dating.
Is there pressure?
For grandkids. above all else.
Mine's too busy raising my brother.
But Farhad's freshly 18. so...
About to be a grown man. a soldier.
Give your mom a month at most with
an empty nest and the brooding will begin.
I think.
finally.
I convinced mine I work so much
I don't have any time for marriage.
Then I'm amazed you asked me out.
You asked me!
- I asked you?
- Yes. you asked me!
You realize your mistake now?
Hardly my worst.
Ah. I hoped they'd be here today.
How did you know--
Their zoolbia's no Maison Chai.
But it's the best I've had in New York.
You really know this city.
I've grown to like it here.
But I can't wait to be back in Isfahan.
Where'd you go earlier today?
Anywhere near Washington Heights?
Oh. all over town.
Dry cleaning pickup.
document drop-offs.
office-supply run.
You know. all the stuff
no one really notices.
Thank you for your hard work.
It doesn't go unnoticed.
Thank you.
Come on then. What are you waiting for?
Buy me a treat.
Today was my best day
in New York.
It was very memorable.
Thank you for lunch
and for walking me home.
Of course.
Until tomorrow. Noor.